a couple of women are riding horses at the beach
two females riding horses at the beach one girl has on a black top
Two women riding horseback by on the beach.
Two woman riding on horses on the beach.
Two ladies are riding horses on the beach.
a giraffe is standing in a grassy field 
Some giraffes are standing around on an open day. 
A giraffe snuggling with another giraffe in a field.
Two giraffes are standing one has it's head on the other
There are giraffes that are standing g yogeter
Someone is standing in front of the tv playing the game
A person wearing jeans pointing a remote at the tv
Someone is playing a video game standing up.
A person standing in front of a tv holding a wii remote.
A woman stands in front of a TV and designs her video game avatar.
A picture of coffee and bread on a table.
Croissants sit on a table with two coffees and sugar.
Croissants and two cups of cappuccino on a table.
An expresso, a cappuccino, and two croissants sit on a table.
A basket with a croissant split in half and two cups filled with liquid on saucers.
A cookie sitting on top of a piece of paper.
The cookies have chocolate and oats in them. 
Small clump of home made granola bars on table. 
an oatmeal and chocolate chip cookie sitting on a piece of parchment paper
The cookie dish includes different fruits and nuts.
A large boat filled with mean on wheels.
A bunch of people aboard a boat with wheels. 
A boat is being rolled on a trailer
A large boat full of men is sitting on a cart 
A boat full of people is on a trailer with wheels.
A large building that has a train passing by it.
A bridge with several signs and a cityscape.  
A green sign that is on the side of a bridge.
a large bridge with some signs posted on it 
An interstate is in front of a large building.
A cup with soda in front of a panini with a side of greens.
There is a cup of pepsi, And a plate of food.
A pepsi soda on the table with a tray of bread and vegetables
A table with a plate of food next to a cup of pepsi.
A sandwich with salad on a plate and a cup of pop
a person stretching to hit a ball with the racket
A person on a court with a tennis racket.
The lady in blue watches as the tennis player reaches for the hit.
a male tennis player wearing white is playing tennis
A man holding a tennis racquet in his left hand.
A man holding an umbrella in one hand and a cell phone up to his ear in the other.
Man dressed in white holding up black umbrella. 
a close up ofa paerson holding a hell phone 
a man holding and umbrella and cross as he talks on a cell phone 
A guy wearing a white turban and holding a cross is on a cell phone.
A little boy playing with a toy sword in a park. 
A boy with an excited look holding a baseball bat.
A small child with a smile on it's face holding a sword.
A young child in a field of grass holding a baseball bat.
A boy holds a plastic sword in a park.
A man and women rest as there dog stands on the trail.
A group of people sitting on a trail side with a dog looking onward.
A couple of people are in the woods with a dog.
Two people sit next to a dog on a trail. 
Two hikers sit down and take a break with their dog.
A boarded up white house sitting on a grass lot.
The old farm house has boarded up windows.
a small house with old wood and boarded windows
An old house covered with boards sits alone of no where. 
An old, weather-beaten house with its windows boarded up. 
A bowl of banana's, sprinkels, chocolate chips, and marshmellows.
Bananas, marshmellows, chocolate chips and sprinkles in a bowl
Some dessert and toppings are in a blue plastic bowl.
A blue plate filled with marshmallows, chocolate chips and banana.
A bowl full of marshmallows, chocolate, and other delicious treats.
A man standing over a surfboard in the ocean.
A boy walking in the ocean with a surf board under his hand.
A man who is in the water next to a surfboard.
A young man stands in the ocean water beside a surfboard.
The man is ready to surf the waves on the water.
A person standing by a fence with a sheep.
a woman is standing next to a goat
A woman smiles while standing near a sheep.
A lady is smiling for the camera in front of a sheep.
A young woman smiles in front of a sheep.
A woman smiles while standing in front of a sheep. 
A young calf stands amidst the grasses on the riverside. 
The calf is brown and is standing in grass. 
A brown cow standing in the midst of green vegetation.
A young light brown cow looking forward on top of the grass.
A cow that is standing in a field.
The skateboarder is putting on a show using the picnic table as his stage.
A skateboarder pulling tricks on top of a picnic table.
A man riding on a skateboard on top of a table.
A skate boarder doing a trick on a picnic table.
A person is riding a skateboard on a picnic table with a crowd watching.
A box of glazed doughnuts with a year on them
One dozen doughnuts with colorful frosting and 2012 on six of them.
A fox filled with purple, yellow and chocolate donuts.
A dozen beautifully decorated donuts boxed and ready for sale.
A dozen glazed doughnuts with different patterns in a box. 
A train that is sitting on the tracks.
stream running beside a railroad track in the mountains.
A stream with rocks outside by train, with hills and evergreens.
A mountains hil is littered with tall trees
A train rolling by a mountain stream and trees.
A group of people are walking dogs on a large sidewalk.
Families walking their pet dogs on a paved walkway. 
A man walking two dogs down a paved trail.
People walking their dogs on a park trail.
A man on a path with a child on his back walking two dogs with other people in the background.
A group of zebra on a grassy field.
A herd of zebra in a green enclosure with several giraffes.
A group of zebras and a giraffe in an enclosure.
Four zebras and a nearby giraffe on some grass.
A single giraffe sits on the grass behind a herd of zebras.
A man in black hoodie playing with a dog.
A man playing with a dog in the park.
Dog jumps up high to it's owner to grab a hold on the frisbee
A man playing with a brown dog on top of a green field.
a person in a field with a dog jumping in the air
A bunch of luggage laying on an area rug. 
Several pieces of luggage on a floor with an area rug.
The luggage is sitting on top of the persian rug.
a bunch of travel bags sit on a carpet floor 
Several pieces of luggage that are laying on the floor.
A empty bench in a grassy field with yellow flowers surrounding it and a lake and mountains in the background.
A bench sitting in the grass near flowers.
A white bench in a green field by mountains. 
A lone bench in a park with huge snow covered mountains in the background.
A wooden and iron park bench on an empty field.
A man on some skis in the snow.
A man in black jacket on skis with lodge in background.
A man sticks his tongue out as he skis down the slope.
A man poses for a picture with outstretched arms on a ski slope.
A person is on skis going down a snowy hill.
A pitcher and glasses made out of pottery
a collection of vase sitting in the window 
A close-up of a vase, cups and a potted plant.
A bowl with a plant, a large vase, and two cups on a table.
A large vase next two to a other smaller vases.
An old blue truck drives down a dirt road.
a old truck going down the road next to a an  wooden house
An old pickup truck and buildings on a dirt road.
A old truck is seen going down a gravel road next to a wooden house.
A vintage truck on the gravel drive outside a log home.
A pan with a pizza on it with a spoon and a pizza cutter. 
This pizza is half eaten and has mushrooms and ham.
A pizza is topped with mushrooms and ham.
A pizza on a cutting board is half gone.
More than half of a mushroom pizza remains in a dish that also holds a pizza cutter and spatula. 
A group of people standing around a white cake on a table.
A group of people standing around a cake.
Family smiling in living room with a party cake. 
People are standing at a table with a cake on it.
A group of people standing in front of a birthday cake.
Three people and a dog are riding on a horse drawn carriage.
A horse drawn cart with a dog, it's driver, and two passangers.
The tourists take a leasurel